Editorial Rework (#184)
International-Data-Spaces-Association/ids-specification: transfer/transfer.process.protocol.md

- A _**message type**_ defines the structure of a _message_.
- A _**message**_  is an instantiation of a _message type_.
- The _**transfer process protocol**_ is the set of allowable message type sequences and is defined as a state machine.

> - A _**transfer process (TP)**_ contains all steps necessary to transfer an Asset from the provider to the consumer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A _**transfer process (TP)**_ defines the states of exchanging a dataset between a consumer and a provider.
```
